I also I have a very interesting follow up problem offering greenhouse, which is nothing but when colours
are not three but right.
Let's say we I have gigolos but if I apply the same logic that I have done in the previous approach,
which is this depends, nothing but many more department is one.
Judith it is.
The dress is not equality.
So right now cake illustrates what the time complexity of my code.
It will be an roski roski grade because for all these kids I will be going on the previous kids and
checking their minimums.
Correct?
Basically let me open the code.
So if I apply this, that means it will be a key growth loop.
Instead of three, I'll have key.
Right.
And other ways I can write this.
But this will also be a give complexity and maybe more because we'll be doing so many minimums.
But can you optimize it in some way so that the complexity is not growth rate because.
For any column.
What I want is I want to find out the minimum of the previous column except for the current rule.
So instead of this, tell me what is the minimum?
If I want to find out the value for this.
That's what we are doing.
We want to find out the minimum of the previous column.
How can you solve this?
How can you find out the minimum of the previous column except for this minimum?
So it's actually very easy if you can think about it because to how can you do this?
We can easily solve this by.
Kicking.
Minimum.
Minimum to lose weight.
So what I can do is I can take just two values, which are actually the minimum one and minimum two
in the previous column eight.
So for any current cell in the current column, what we what can we do is we can simply say, was this
value equal to the previous value, which is the minimum one?
Basically.
Okay, let me write it.
Let's have minimum one and minimum two towards minimum when it is the bottom value in the previous.
Previous column eight and minimum two is the second lowest value in the previous column.
If I'm feeling some deep I comma d, that means I can simply see DP Isaac and B at their minimum one.
It can be at their minimum one plus cost.
Or does this cost 88?
Or it can be minimum less cost 88.
If is it can be either one of these two values, then I can simply take it by using by seeing if an
is rate that means.
If the previous value which is let me write b i.e..
From day minus eight.
If the previous from the same.
Rule is equal to minimum one.
They then take minimum to.
Because that was the minimum age to take the second minimum, because that would be the minimum value
of others.
Right?
Except the ethical rate.
Otherwise, if it is not the case, then what I can do is I can take the minimum one common cause,
because if the corresponding values are not the minimum, that means that minimum one is somewhere else,
right?
And if I take the minimum for all the other values, that minimum one will come as the minimum, but
it's a minimum for all.
So in India, what I can do is I can take this case and in this, if I can take this and I just have
to take two minimum values rate for a particular and also you can solve.
So what would be the ten complexity here now?
So basically what I'm doing is for all the I was saying, for all the so and in the case, it ain't
complexity because now I can just use this if is second question can be what is a memory complexity
that you will use?
The memory complexity will will have to make the table right the table.
That will be an indicator.
But I can also optimize the memory complexity.
You all know how read.
So for any column, I just want its previous column or insert in that.
In this case, if I just keep two columns with me, then the memory complexity will be.
NW And is this right?
So it will be key in order to correct.
But I can further optimize.
I can instead of thinking to do, I can just stick it out, just fill the column.
Then again iterate over it.
I in the minimum one and minimum two value, then again fill it using the new values so we can just
fill one column again and again and do the job.
So that's it, everyone.
See you in the next part.
And you can further, you know, reduce the memory complexity.
Ah, I'm sorry if I'm confusing you or something, but you can further reduce the memory complexity
from came to do.
We can make it to keep but you know ultimately what we can do is we can further reduce it to just four
variables.
Just for variables.
We just need to keep some for variables the current minimum of the current column and let's say the
current minimums of the current column rate and the current minimum of the previous column.
Only those two will be needed to.
Family man to hate.
And if you want to trade, you can trade yourself.
I'm not coding this for a variable value solution, but I would strongly suggest you to do it because
it's good.
We'll see in the next part.
And this was nothing.
We're just a follow up problem of the outside of a problem.
So next we will see a very interesting problem from cold faucet.
Thanks.